NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH! 5D's!"
THANK YOU FOR
TAKING THE TIME
TO SEE ME, MR. FUDO.
I'M HERE BECAUSE
I NEED YOU TO SAVE
MY DAUGHTER AKIZA.
I PUSHED HER AWAY,
AND SHE JOINED
THAT ARCADIA
MOVEMENT.
JACK THINKS THAT
YOU JUST NEED
TO DUEL HER AGAIN!
YOU ALL WANNA
DESTROY MY LIFE! AAH!
WELL I WON'T
LET THAT HAPPEN!
[GROANING]
IT LOOKS LIKE THERE'S
ONLY ONE WAY TO PROTECT
YOUR FAMILY AND PROVE
THAT WE'RE ALL TRYING
TO HELP YOU!
SO THIS IS FOR YOU!
LET'S DUEL!
I AM THE BLACK ROSE,
AND I SYNCHRO SUMMON
BLACK ROSE DRAGON!
AKIZA!
DAD, GET BACK.
MY POWERS WON'T
LISTEN TO ME.
AAH!
I DON'T WANT TO
DO THIS ANY MORE!
DADDY!
NO!
I DID IT.
I WAS ABLE TO
CONTROL MY POWER.
YUSEI, PLEASE.
FINISH THIS.
I DON'T WANNA
FIGHT ANYMORE.
THE CURSE
OF THE BLACK ROSE
ENDS NOW!
STARDUST DRAGON TAKE
OUT AKIZA'S BEAST
WITH COSMIC FLARE!
YOU N' YOUR
PARENTS HAVE
A LOT OF CATCHING
UP TO DO.
BUT WE SIGNERS
COULD REALLY USE
YOU AROUND, TOO.
WILL YOU FIGHT
WITH US?
WILL YOU TAKE A STAND
ALONGSIDE YOUR FRIENDS?
YOU GOT IT, YUSEI.
[THINKING]
I KNOW THAT TOGETHER,
WE CAN DEFEAT
THE DARK SIGNERS
AND SAVE OUR HOMES!
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
JUS'HOLD ON!
I DIDN'T SIGN
UP FOR ALL THIS!
UGH!
DON'T WORRY.
HE'S NOT
IN ANY PAIN.
THE CHILD IS
ACTUALLY CREATING
THAT ELECTRO-STATIC
FORCE FIELD
WITH HIS TELEKINETIC
ABILITIES.
WE FOUND HIS FILE
IN THE ARCADIA
BUILDING.
APPARENTLY, SAYER
WAS A MASTER
MANIPULATOR
WHO WOULD TAKE
IN DUELISTS
WITH POWERS
LIKE YOURS
AND DEPENDING
ON THEIR STRENGTH
THEY WOULD
EITHER STAY
OR DISAPPEAR.
[THINKING]
COULD IT BE TRUE?!
WAS SAYER REALLY
DOING THAT TO PEOPLE?!
WAS MISTY
TELLING THE TRUTH?
I'VE WAITED
A LONG TIME
FOR THIS,
MISS WHATEVER
YOU CALL YOURSELF.
I WANT
MY BROTHER BACK.
YOUR BROTHER?!
BUT I DON'T KNOW HIM!
WHY DO YOU THINK I DO?
ENOUGH LIES!
I WANT ANSWERS
AND I WANT THEM NOW,
MISS AKIZA.
YOUR GROUP
OF PSYCHICS--
THE ARCADIA MOVEMENT--
STOLE HIM.
[THINKING]
IF HE WAS RECRUITED,
THAT MEANS MISTY'S
BROTHER COULD BE ONE
OF THE ONES THAT VANISHED!
I'M SORRY, AKIZA.
I KNOW THIS HAS TO
COME AS A SHOCK
AFTER EVERYTHING
YOU'VE BEEN THROUGH.
BUT IT LOOKS LIKE SAYER
WAS ONE OF THE BAD GUYS.
THE TRUE PURPOSE
OF HIS ARCADIA MOVEMENT
WAS TO CREATE AN ARMY
OF PSYCHIC DUELISTS
HE COULD USE TO TRY
AND TAKE OVER THE WORLD!
YOU WERE JUST ANOTHER
SOLDIER THAT HE WAS
TRAINING FOR
THE BATTLEFIELD TO FIGHT.
IT'S ALL HERE.
HE WAS USING YOU.
YOU CAN'T RUN AWAY
FROM THE TRUTH, AKIZA!
WE NEED YOUR HELP!
YOU HAVE THE MARK
OF THE DRAGON,
AND WE NEED YOU TO BEAT
THE DARK SIGNERS!
PLEASE COME BACK!
WE CAN'T DO THIS
WITHOUT HER, YUSEI!
[THINKING]
HOW COULD YOU
BETRAY ME, SAYER?
AKIZA.
I CAN'T BE MAD
AT SAYER, YUSEI.
HE OFFERED ME
A HOME WHEN
NO ONE ELSE
WOULD TAKE ME IN.
SO, HE USED ME.
I GUESS I USED HIM
SO I COULD FEEL SAFE.
NOW, HE'S VANISHED
AND DESPITE WHAT
HE'S DONE, I'M SAD.
I'D BE WORRIED
IF YOU WEREN'T.
HUH?
YOU HAVE A GOOD HEART.
THAT'S WHY WE ALL CAME
HERE TO HELP YOU OUT.
IT'S NOT ABOUT ALL
THE "PSYCHIC POWERS" .
IT'S ABOUT WHO YOU
ARE AS A PERSON.
THERE'S A GOODNESS,
A STRENGTH I FELT IN YOU
WHEN WE FIRST DUELED.
THAT'S WHY I WANTED YOU
AS A FRIEND.
A FRIEND.
NOW LET'S FIND OUT
HOW TO TAKE
THESE DARK SIGNERS
OUT TOGETHER!
TOGETHER!
WOWWWWW!
GOODWIN'S MANSION
IS HUGE!
IT'S PROBABLY GOT
ITS OWN ZIP CODE!
THANK YOU ALL
FOR COMING.
I'VE WAITED A LONG TIME
FOR THIS MOMENT:
THE FOUR SIGNERS STANDING
HERE ALL TOGETHER!
IT IS WITH GREAT HONOR
THAT I WELCOME YOU
ALL TO MY HOME.
I'M HERE TO SERVE YOU.
RIGHT. THE ONLY
THING YOU'VE EVER SERVED
IS A TENNIS BALL.
JACK IS RIGHT.
GOODWIN'S PLAYED US
SINCE THE VERY
BEGINNING!
I MEAN, HE'S THE ONE
WHO THREATENED
YOUR FRIENDS
IN THE SATELLITE
JUST TO MAKE
YOU DUEL
IN THAT TOURNAMENT
TO SEE IF YOU
WERE ACTUALLY
A SIGNER!
HOW COULD YOU EVER
TRUST A GUY LIKE THAT?!
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I CAN'T.
BUT HE SEEMS TO BE
THE ONLY ONE WHO KNOWS
WHAT'S HAPPENING.
AND WITH EVERYTHING
THAT'S AT STAKE
I CAN'T RISK NOT GIVING HIM
A SECOND CHANCE.
IF GOODWIN'S THE ONLY
ONE WHO HAS A PLAN,
I HAVE TO TRUST HIM.
WELL WHEN YOU PUT
IT LIKE THAT,
YOU CAN COUNT ME IN.
OKAY?
GLAD TO KNOW THAT I
GOT YOUR SUPPORT.
SO WHY'D YOU
INVITE US HERE?
YOU GIVING US SUPER
DUELING DECKS, OR WHAT?!
I DON'T RECALL
ANYONE INVITING YOU.
UH, I'LL TAKE
A RAIN CHECK
ON THOSE DUELING DECKS.
THERE ARE NO
"SUPER DUELING DECKS."
YOU SHOULD PROBABLY
GO HOME NOW.
HUH? OHH.
SIGNER OR NOT,
HE'S MY BROTHER.
HE STAYS!
I DO?
JUST NO PETS, OKAY?
WE'LL BOTH
SAVE THE WORLD!
UM, ALRIGHT.
NOW THAT THE DAY CARE
ARRANGEMENTS HAVE BEEN
FINALIZED FOR LEO
SHALL WE GO INSIDE?
WHERE ARE WE GOING,
MISTER GOODWIN?
TO A VERY SPECIAL
ROOM THAT HOLDS
THE ANSWERS YOU SEEK.
LAST I WAS HERE,
I WAS LEFT
WITH MORE QUESTIONS
THAN ANSWERS.
FUNNY. NICE TO KNOW
YOU DIDN'T LOSE
YOUR SENSE OF HUMOR
WHEN YOU LOST YOUR
TITLE MATCH, JACK.
LOOK!
Yusei: WHAT--WHAT
IS IT?!
THIS, MY FRIENDS,
IS THE STAIRWAY
OF THE CRIMSON DRAGON.
WHAT'S THAT SHAPE?
IT LOOKS LIKE ALL
OF OUR SIGNS!
THE CRIMSON DRAGON?
CORRECT.
IT IS THE SYMBOL
THAT BINDS YOU ALL
AND DEFINES YOU AS SIGNERS:
PROTECTORS OF THE WORLD!
YOUR ARM!
IT'S GLOWING!
[GROWLS]
LOOK FAMILIAR, JACK?
ITS TIME OUR
BEASTS TUSSLE!
STARDUST, ICE HIS
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND!
GO COSMIC FLARE!
Yusei, voice-over:
JACK AND I HAD
A TURBO DUEL.
IT WAS AN EMPTY
STADIUM--
JUST OURSELVES,
OUR RUNNERS,
AND OUR DECKS.
AND THEN, WHEN OUR
DRAGONS ATTACKED
EACH OTHER,
SOMETHING APPEARED.
Jack, voice-over:
NOT JUST "SOMETHING,"
IT WAS THE CRIMSON DRAGON.
Yusei: WHAT IS THAT?
Goodwin, voice-over:
EXACTLY. IT HAD CHOSEN
TO INSTILL ITS POWER
IN EACH OF YOU,
INFLUENCING YOUR LIVES
UNTIL YOU ALL CAME
TOGETHER AT THIS TIME;
AT THIS PLACE.
"INFLUENCING
OUR LIVES?"
WHADDYA MEAN?
THE DRAGON HAS
SOME SORT OF CONTROL
OVER ALL OF US?!
NOBODY TELLS
ME WHAT TO DO!
THIS IS MY LIFE, OKAY?
I'M THE ONE
IN THE DRIVER'S SEAT, PAL!
THEN YOU THINK THIS
IS ALL A COINCIDENCE?
LEAVING THE SATELLITE,
FINDING YUSEI,
AND MEETING THE OTHERS?
IN YOUR HEARTS YOU'VE
EACH KNOWN THAT YOU'RE
DESTINED FOR SOMETHING BIGGER
THAN A NORMAL LIFE--
THAT'S THE DRAGON SPIRIT,
GUIDING YOU.
BUT WHY ALL OF US?
SURE, I KNOW WE'RE
GOOD WITH A DECK.
THIS GOES FAR BEYOND
YOUR SKILLS AS A DUELIST.
THE CRIMSON DRAGON
SENSED THE STRENGTH
IN YOUR HEARTS
AND CHOSE THE FOUR OF YOU
TO TAKE ON
THE ARMY OF SHADOWS.
THIS HAS ALWAYS
BEEN YOUR DESTINY!
IS HE TELLING
THE TRUTH?
MY DESTINY?
I ALWAYS THOUGHT I WAS
A MONSTER, A WITCH.
WHAT KIND OF HERO AM
I SUPPOSED TO BE?!
I'VE HURT EVERYTHING
I'VE CARED ABOUT:
MY FAMILY, MY SCHOOL,
EVEN SAYER.
Goodwin: I SENSE
YOUR DOUBT, AKIZA.
BUT IT WAS THAT VERY POWER
THAT BROUGHT YOU TO US.
WOULD YUSEI AND LUNA
EVER HAVE FOUND YOU
IF NOT FOR THE LEGENDS
OF THE BLACK ROSE?
THE CRIMSON DRAGON HAS
CHOSEN YOU NOT DESPITE
WHO YOU ARE,
BUT BECAUSE OF IT.
I FEAR THIS FINAL BATTLE
MAY REQUIRE ABILITIES
SUCH AS YOURS.
EACH OF YOU FILL
A UNIQUE NEED
IN THE MOSAIC
OF THE CRIMSON DRAGON'S
DUELING STRATEGY.
INCLUDING THE
SMALLEST OF US.
THAT'S YOU, DEAR LUNA.
TELL US ABOUT
YOUR SPECIAL GIFT?
I DON'T REALLY KNOW
IF IT'S A GIFT.
I MEAN, I DIDN'T GET
IT FOR MY BIRTHDAY
OR ANYTHING,
BUT SOMETIMES,
WHEN I DUEL,
I GET TRANSPORTED
TO A STRANGE LAND.
IT'S SOME SORT
OF SPIRIT WORLD,
WHERE ALL
THE DUEL MONSTERS
ARE REAL.
WE'D PLAY AND
LAUGH AND--
Leo: BOOORING.
HEY! THIS IS
MY STORY!
ANYWAY, THAT'S WHERE
I MET ANCIENT
FAIRY DRAGON.
SHE WAS IN CHARGE,
LIKE THE HEAD
SPIRIT, I GUESS.
SHE SAID THAT
THE SPIRIT WORLD
IS IN TROUBLE
AND I WAS THE ONE
WHO HAD TO RESCUE IT
OR ALL THE OTHER
LITTLE DUEL SPIRITS
WOULD BE DESTROYED!!
I DIDN'T UNDERSTAND
IT THEN,
BUT ANCIENT
FAIRY DRAGON
MUST'VE BEEN ONE
OF THE DUEL MONSTERS
WHO FOUGHT
THE ARMY OF SHADOWS!
SHE'S PART
OF THE CRIMSON DRAGON!
AND SHE CHOSE
ME TO HELP!
OHH!
HA HA HA!
YOU SEE?
YOU ALL HAVE GIFTS.
JACK'N YUSEI WERE EVEN ABLE
TO GLIMPSE INTO THE PAST.
THEY SHOWED YOU
THE PEOPLE OF THE STARS,
AND THE DANGER THAT
AWAITS US ALL.
SATELLITE OR CITY,
PRO OR AMATEUR,
ALL OF US ARE
ON THE SAME SIDE NOW:
THE SIDE OF LIGHT, OF LIFE,
THE SIDE
OF THE CRIMSON DRAGON.
IT WAS THE SPIRIT OF HUMANITY
THAT CALLED YOU HERE,
HOPING YOU CAN STOP
THE END OF THE WORLD.
AND ALL THIS TIME,
I JUST WANTED IT GONE.
SO WHAT DO WE
DO NOW?
WHAT'S OUR PLAN?
[ROARING]
THE GLOW'S GONE.
UM, MISTER GOODWIN?
I KNOW I'M NOT A SIGNER,
BUT AREN'T THERE
SUPPOSED TO BE FIVE
O'YOU?
SO WHEN'S THE LAST
CHOSEN ONE GONNA SHOW?
YEAH LEO'S RIGHT.
WHAT DESTINY'S 80%?
I PROMISE THE FIFTH SIGNER
IS READY TO JOIN OUR FIGHT.
FOR SAFETY REASONS,
I'M FORCED TO KEEP
THEIR IDENTITY A SECRET.
BUT KNOW THAT WHEN YOU
FACE TRUE DANGER,
THEY WILL APPEAR ALONG
WITH THE FULL POWER
OF THE CRIMSON DRAGON!
Yusei:
SO WE'RE ALL HERE.
WHADDA WE DO NOW?
FIRST, A HIST'RY LESSON.
NOW FOR THOSE
OF YOU HEARING THIS
FOR THE FIRST TIME,
THOUSANDS OF YEARS AGO
A HUGE WAR WAS FOUGHT,
AND THE CRIMSON DRAGON DEFEATED
THE ARMY OF SHADOWS.
AFRAID THAT THE SHADOWS
WOULD ONE DAY RETURN
TO DESTROY THE WORLD,
THE CRIMSON DRAGON
LOCKED THEM UNDERGROUND.
MAGIC SYMBOLS WERE
CARVED INTO THE EARTH,
TRAPPING THEIR
ESSENCE FOR MILLENNIA.
IN TIME, THE SHADOWS
WERE FORGOTTEN
AND THEIR PRISON BECAME
A TOURIST DESTINATION.
BUT THEY WEREN'T WILLING
TO STAY DEFEATED.
THEY WANTED REVENGE.
MANY YEARS AGO,
THE ORIGINAL ENER-D REACTOR
EXPLODED AND RELEASED
A SURGE OF NEGATIVE ENERGY
THAT CRACKED
THEIR MAGIC PRISON.
THE DARK POWER
OF THE SHADOWS HAVE BEEN
SEEPING INTO OUR WORLD,
INFECTING IT.
UM, WHADDYA MEAN
"INFECTING?"
FINDING "HOSTS" TO DO
THEIR EVIL BIDDING:
THE DARK SIGNERS HAVE BEEN
USING SHADOW DRONES
TO SCOUT YOUR ABILITIES.
AND THEIR GOAL IS AS
SIMPLE AS IT IS CRUEL:
THEY WANT TO SEND
YOU SIGNERS
TO THE NETHERWORLD
SO YOU CAN'T SUMMON
THE CRIMSON DRAGON
WHEN THE SHADOW ARMY RISES.
THEY USE MAGIC TO CREATE
AN INESCAPABLE DUEL FIELD,
WHERE ALL THE DAMAGE IS REAL.
Yusei: AND YOU SHOULD
SEE THEIR CARDS.
THEY DUEL WITH A DARK
DECK OR SOMETHING.
WHEN THE SHADOWS ARE
DEVOURED BY EVEN
DARKER SHADOWS,
THE CURTAIN PULLS BACK
AND REVEALS A WORLD
WITHOUT LIGHT!
COME FORTH,
FROZEN FITZGERALD!
I'VE SEEN MORE
THAN ONE UP CLOSE,
AND SO FAR INSTEAD OF
USING A NORMAL MONSTER,
EACH ONE COMBO'D
WITH A DARK TUNER.
THEY MUST SUMMON
'EM WITH THAT
NEGATIVE ENERGY
GOODWIN
WAS TALKING ABOUT.
YES. THEY THRIVE
ON NEGATIVE EMOTIONS
WHICH IS WHY THEY APPEARED
IN THE SATELLITE.
THEY WERE DRAWN
TO THE DESPAIR OF THE SLUMS
LIKE A MOTH
TO A BRIGHT FLAME.
THEN WHY DID THEY COME
TO NEW DOMINO CITY?
IN THEORY, SAYER'S EVIL
PLOT TO CREATE AN ARMY
OF PSYCHIC DUELISTS IS
WHAT FIRST ATTRACTED
THE DARK SIGNERS.
UNFORTUNATELY NOW,
WITH THE DESTRUCTION
AND INNOCENT PEOPLE
VANISHING FROM THE STREETS,
THE CITY IS CLOAKED
IN A SHADOW OF DESPAIR.
WHICH MEANS,
THE DARK SIGNERS
GET EVEN MORE POWER
DON'T THEY?
I'M AFRAID SO.
THE MORE PEOPLE
WHO LOSE HOPE
AND WHO BECOME DEPRESSED,
THE STRONGER
THE DARK SIGNERS BECOME.
THEIR BEASTS REQUIRE
THIS DARK ENERGY
AND ONCE THERE IS ENOUGH
THESE POWERFUL CREATURES
ABSORB IT SO THAT THEY
MAY BECOME WHOLE.
WHAT DO WE DO?
ARE THEY ALL
GONE FOR GOOD?!
UNTIL THE ARMY
OF SHADOWS IS DEFEATED,
THEY'RE LOST,
GIVING MORE POWER
TO OUR ENEMIES OUT THERE.
AND NOW, ALL
OF NEW DOMINO CITY
HAS BECOME A BATTLEFIELD,
EVERY INNOCENT PERSON
A POTENTIAL VICTIM.
THOSE POOR PEOPLE!
WHAT'S GOING ON?
LOOK UP THERE!
Goodwin: AND OUR CITY
IS JUST THE BEGINNING.
IF WE FAIL TO DEFEAT
THE DARK SIGNERS,
TO STOP THE ARMY OF SHADOWS
FROM AWAKENING,
THE SOULS OF THE PLANET
WILL FALL INTO DARKNESS
WITH NO ONE LEFT
TO SAVE THEM.
BUT THAT'S NOT ALL.
THEY HAVE ANOTHER WEAPON,
PERHAPS THE MOST
FRIGHTENING OF ALL!
Goodwin: I BELIEVE
SOME OF YOU HERE
HAVE EXPERIENCED
THE DARK SIGNERS'
DANGEROUS AND POWERFUL
ABILITIES FIRST HAND.
THEY ARE FORMIDABLE FOES
WHO CONTROL
THE MIGHTIEST OF BEASTS.
AAH!
YOU MUST MEAN
THE EARTHBOUND
IMMORTALS!
YES. THEIR STRENGTH
IS STAGGERING
FOR THEY CONTAIN
THE VERY POWER
OF THE ARMY OF SHADOWS.
WE GET IT!
THEY'RE BAD OKAY?
LET'S JUST TAKE 'EM OUT!
YOU MUST LEARN TO
CONTROL YOUR EMOTIONS,
LEST YOU BECOME
ONE OF THE TAKEN.
ERR.
THE PEOPLE
WHO WERE RECRUITED
BY THE DARK SIGNERS--
LIKE YOUR FRIEND CARLY,
WHO MOST LIKELY NOW DUELS
FOR THE FORCES OF EVIL--
MAY STILL BE ABLE
TO BE SAVED.
OUR TASK GOES FAR
BEYOND BEATING AN ENEMY.
IT'S A RESCUE OPERATION
FOR ALL THOSE POOR PEOPLE
WHO'VE BEEN CORRUPTED
BY THE POWERS OF DARKNESS,
AND WITHOUT ALL OF YOUR HELP
THERE'S NO HOPE FOR THEM.
JACK, YOU AND YUSEI
SAW THE FUTURE:
A WORLD OF ASH AND SHADOW,
EVERYONE HAVING BEEN
ABSORBED INTO
THE EARTHBOUND IMMORTALS.
WHEN YOU SAY
"EVERYONE ABSORBED,"
YOU DON'T MEAN
EVERYONE?
LIKE ALL OUR
FRIENDS AND FAMILY?!
NO MORE PRESENTS
OR BIRTHDAYS?!
IF THAT HELPS.
I ASSUME THAT
FOR THE REST OF YOU
WHO ARE ACTUALLY SIGNERS,
THE FATE OF THE WORLD
AND FUTURE OF OUR
CIVILIZATION IS
A LITTLE MORE IMPORTANT.
YOU MUST EACH
MAKE YOUR CHOICE.
I'M AFRAID THAT I CAN
ONLY TAKE YOU THIS FAR
ON THE PATH.
AFTER TODAY THERE
IS NO TURNING BACK.
YOU WILL HAVE TO
COMMIT YOUR LIFE, BODY,
AND SOUL AS A SIGNER.
Akiza, thinking:
CAN I DO THAT?
CAN I COMMIT TO SAVING
THE SAME PEOPLE
WHO SAID I WAS
A MONSTER?
I THINK I CAN,
I OWE IT TO
MY FRIENDS.
LISTEN. YOU N' YOUR
PARENTS HAVE
A LOT OF CATCHING
UP TO DO.
BUT WE SIGNERS
COULD REALLY USE
YOU AROUND, TOO.
WHAT DO YOU SAY?
WILL YOU FIGHT
WITH US?
WILL YOU TAKE A STAND
ALONGSIDE YOUR FRIENDS?
YOU GOT IT, YUSEI.
[THINKING]
YUSEI TAUGHT ME
NOT TO BE AFRAID,
AND I'LL NEVER
FORGET THAT.
Jack: I'VE HEARD
ENOUGH!
JACK.
JUST LET ME GO
AFTER THESE
DARK SIGNERS MYSELF!
[THINKING]
I WANTED TO DO
IT ON MY OWN TOO
UNTIL MARTHA TALKED SOME
SENSE INTO ME.
I HOPE AT LEAST YOU
WON YOUR LITTLE GAME.
IT'S NOT WHAT
YOU THINK!
THERE'S PEOPLE OUT
THERE THAT WANT TO
DESTROY OUR HOME!
I BELIEVE YOU.
BUT IF WE'RE
"ALL IN GREAT DANGER,"
WHY ARE YOU TRYING TO SAVE
US ALL ON YOUR OWN?
IT'S MY JOB.
YOU'LL JUST NEVER
CHANGE.
TRYING TO
DO EVERYTHING
BY YOURSELF
AND ENDING UP
IN A HOSPITAL BED.
YOU'VE GOT FRIENDS
OUT THERE THAT WILL
FOLLOW YOU ANYWHERE.
MARTHA WAS RIGHT.
I WAS TRYING TO SAVE
THE SATELLITE,
DEFEAT THE DARK SIGNERS
ALL ON MY OWN.
GOOD THING SHE REMINDED
ME THAT WITHOUT THE HELP
OF MY FRIENDS, THERE WAS
NO WAY I COULD SUCCEED.
GOODWIN, THERE'S SOMETHING
YOU SHOULD KNOW
ABOUT THE DARK SIGNER
I DUELED.
WHAT IS IT, YUSEI?
THIS WASN'T
THE FIRST TIME
WE MET.
HE WAS "INFECTED"
LIKE YOU SAID,
BUT HE KNEW ME.
HE HAD ALL THESE
OLD MEMORIES
OF JACK AND I.
IN FACT HE WAS
OUR FRIEND.
YUSEI!
AND HIS BIRDBRAIN
FRIEND.
YOU DON'T KNOW HOW LONG
I'VE BEEN WAITING
FOR THIS MOMENT.
IT'S A SHAME IT'LL
BE OVER SO QUICKLY.
SO HOW DO YOU
KNOW OUR NAMES?
I NEVER FORGOT,
OLD FRIEND.
KALIN KESSLER?
IS THAT REALLY YOU?!
WE THOUGHT THAT WHEN
YOU LEFT THE SATELLITE
IT WAS FOREVER.
IT WAS. BUT THANKS TO YOU
AND THAT MARK OF YOURS,
KALIN IS BACK!
Yusei, voice-over:
HE WAS MY BEST FRIEND.
YEARS AGO, JACK, CROW,
AND I HAD A DUELING TEAM
IN THE SATELLITE.
KALIN WAS IN CHARGE
'CAUSE NO ONE COULD BEAT HIM.
HE WAS SUPPOSED TO BE
LOCKED UP FOR DUELING SECURITY,
BUT IT LOOKS LIKE HE'S OUT
ON EARLY PAROLE
LOOKING FOR REVENGE.
AFTER WHAT YOU DID TO ME
THIS IS SWEET JUSTICE,
DEAR OLD FRIEND!
NOW PREPARE TO
MEET THE SHADOWS
OF THE NETHERWORLD!
I SUMMON:
ONE HUNDRED-EYED DRAGON!
AND NOW,
FOR YOUR PLEASURE:
THE MAIN EVENT!
I ACTIVATE
HUNDRED-EYED DRAGON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
Yusei, voice-over: AND AS HARD
AS IT IS TO BELIEVE,
HE'S GOTTEN EVEN BETTER.
KALIN'S GOT
A NEW DECK
FULL OF STRONGER MONSTERS
I'VE NEVER FACED BEFORE.
HIS ONE-HUNDRED EYED
DRAGON WAS JUST THE BEGINNING.
THANKS FOR THE HELP,
YUSEI, CAUSE NOW THAT
YOU DESTROYED MY
ONE-HUNDRED EYED DRAGON,
I CAN SELECT ONE CARD
IN MY DECK
AND THEN ADD IT
TO MY HAND.
HE SUMMONED
AN EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL.
IT WAS HUGE,
LIKE EXODIA BUT BIGGER.
IT WAS JUST LIKE
YOU SAID, GOODWIN.
KALIN USED THE NEGATIVE ENERGY
OF THE PEOPLE
OF THE SATELLITE
TO CREATE THAT THING.
THE REST OF YOU HAVE
TO UNDERSTAND THAT
GOODWIN'S RIGHT!
I'VE SEEN IT
WITH MY OWN EYES!
JACK, I KNOW
YOU SAW IT, TOO!
IT WAS THE BEGINNING
OF THE END OF THE WORLD!
EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL
CCAPAC APU,
POUND THIS
PATHETIC SIGNER
INTO THE DARKNESS!
KALIN'S EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL
WAS THE MOST POWERFUL CARD
I EVER FACED.
NOTHING COULD STOP
IT FROM ATTACKING.
I'VE NEVER BEEN SCARED
IN A DUEL BEFORE,
BUT THIS BEAST SHOOK ME
TO THE CORE,
FILLED ME WITH DOUBT,
AND NEARLY SENT ME
TO THE NETHERWORLD.
AFTER THAT DUEL I DIDN'T
THINK I'D EVER BE ABLE
TO THROWDOWN AGAIN,
BUT NOW I KNOW I HAVE TO
FACE MY FEARS AND COME
AT THESE DARK SIGNERS
WITH EVERYTHING I GOT.
SO THEN, WHICH
OF YOU ARE WITH ME
TO STOP
THIS SHADOW ARMY!
JUST A SEC!
I WANT SOME ANSWERS
BEFORE I RISK MY LIFE,
AND THAT'S STARTING
WITH YOU!
THERE'S SOMETHING
HE'S NOT TELLING US.
JACK'S CORRECT.
I WAS HOPING TO AVOID
THIS PART
OF THE DISCUSSION.
AND HOW'ABOUT THAT!
MORE SECRETS!
I'M TWO SECONDS
FROM TAKIN' OFF
AND FORGETTING
ALL THIS STUFF
ABOUT THE END
OF THE WORLD!
COME ON!
LET'S HEAR HIM OUT!
YOU CAN'T JUST WALK
AWAY RIGHT NOW, JACK!
GOODWIN, WE WANNA KNOW
EV'RYTHING ABOUT ALL
OF THESE DARK SIGNERS!
YOU DON'T.
THEY HAVE NEVER LOST,
UNLIKE THOSE PAWNS YOU
FACED IN THE PARKING GARAGE
AND HOSPITAL.
I'M NOT SURE
THEY CAN LOSE.
THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE!
IT STILL COMES DOWN
TO A DECK!
AND OURS ALWAYS
LOSE, YUSEI.
YOU AND AKIZA SAW YOUR
DECKS PICKED APART,
LIKE SAYER'S.
THE TASK THAT'S BEFORE US
JUST MIGHT BE
IMPOSSIBLE TO EVER WIN.
WONDERFUL.
IF WE CAN'T WIN,
THEN WHY DO WE
DUEL?!
UM, SIS?
CAN WE GO HOME?
I FEEL SICK NOW.
YEAH, YOU'RE
NOT ALONE.
WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
WE'VE LOST BEFORE
THE FIRST DRAW?!
I'M OUTTA HERE!
IF THE WORLD'S
GONNA END,
I MIGHT AS WELL
SPEND MY LAST FEW
DAYS CRUISIN' ROUND
ON MY RUNNER!
I'M NOT SAYING
THERE'S NO HOPE AT ALL.
BUT I WANTED TO BE HONEST:
THERE WERE THREE DUELS
WITH TRUE DARK SIGNERS,
UND'RSTAND?
AND WE NEARLY LOST THEM
ALL THANKS TO THE MOST
POWERFUL MONSTERS EV'R.
WE'RE TALKING
ABOUT PRIMAL FORCES,
PURE DARKNESS.
A FOE MANY WOULD
CHOOSE TO RUN FROM.
BUT I ASK THAT
YOU DO NOT.
YOU MUST FACE ALL
OF THEM TOGETHER.
BUT, EVEN IF WE
DO BEAT THEM,
I CAN'T PROMISE WE'LL ALL
BE STANDING HERE AGAIN
OR THAT WE'LL BE ABLE
TO EXPEL THE DARKNESS
THAT POSSESSES
THESE DARK SIGNERS
AND RETURN THEM
TO THE PERSONS THEY ONCE WERE.
EVERY WAR HAS
ITS CASUALTIES.
AND SOME OF US MAY BE
LOST TO THE NETHERWORLD.
I HOPE THE FOUR
OF YOU CAN LOOK
INTO YOUR HEARTS
AND MAKE THE DECISION
THAT OUR WORLD NEEDS.
BUT BE QUICK,
I'M AFRAID WE DON'T HAVE
MUCH TIME LEFT.